Add troubleshooting information for 'component not found' errors (#2591)
elyra-ai/elyra: docs/source/user_guide/best-practices-custom-pipeline-components.md

#### Best practices

> This documentation content is currently under development.

### Troubleshooting missing pipeline components

Pipeline files include references to components, but not the component definitions. If you open a pipeline in the Visual Pipeline Editor, Elyra tries to match these component references with it's local component inventory. If a component reference cannot be resolved, an error message is displayed providing information you can use to locate the component.

> The error message includes a key that identifies the catalog type, which made the component available in the environment where the pipeline was created. 

Reviewer: I think an additional sentence here would help 'transition' into the explanation of the catalog-type-specific troubleshooting info that follows.

```suggestion
The error message includes a key that identifies the catalog type that made the component available in the environment where the pipeline was created. Each catalog type has its own set of keys that are used to resolve a component reference. 
```
